Clarify DG BCs (#272)
mfem/web: src/fem_bc.md

In the Discontinuous Galerkin (DG) formulation the
[Natural](#natural-boundary-conditions),
[Neumann](#neumann-boundary-conditions), and [Robin](#robin-boundary-conditions)

> can be implemented in a similar the same manner as in the continuous case (using
> the appropriate _boundary face_ integrators).  However, since DG basis functions
> have no degrees of freedom associated with the boundary, Dirichlet boundary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be implemented in a similar the same manner as in the continuous case
(adding the appropriate `LinearFormIntegrator` as a _boundary face integrator_
instead of _boundary integrator_).  However, since DG basis functions
have no degrees of freedom associated with the boundary, Dirichlet boundary
```
This suggestion fleshes out what using the appropriate integrator entails, but I suppose the particular word choice is subjective.
